It is also necessary to get everyone's acceptance in order to help the situation.
Not in my name. Right? You don’t want Miss Lin to know that you are helping her,
In the future, Lin Shifusheng will be born, and you will definitely be kicked away by them.
Lin Yang is different from the Lin family. I believe that you risked your life and death to save my people.
Death wouldn't be that bad. Under the test of melody and economy,
Many people forget their original kindness,
Capturing King Poseidon and protecting China is what we are stationed at now.
Hurry up and ask your comrade to bring over the project account.
Then continue to throw it away, King Poseidon. yes.
Then I can tell you
You don't even have the power to control our family by yourself
Who is in charge of the family?
That's a pity
As long as he says nothing
In the position of the head of the Ling family, Chang Yitian
We will not cooperate with Zero
I see him as a man who is obsessed with power.
How can it be called Lingshi Group?
Otherwise, we will all be thrown into harm’s way.
Xiaobei is ignorant
I'm here to accompany you all, not just to take advantage of you.
What is this trash doing here?
Don't tell us
Zhanzhan, go back quickly
This is not the place for you to come
I remember you guys
And imitate giving up the position of the family
But no one is sure